Add lo doc (#34)
pyscf/pyscf.github.io: source/user/lo.rst

.. _user_lo:

**********************
Localized Orbitals
**********************

*Modules*: :mod:`lo`

Introduction
============

> A molecular orbital is usually delocalized, i.e. its spatial distribution is
> all over the whole molecular rather than localized around several atoms or bonds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A molecular orbital is usually delocal, i.e. it has non-negligible amplitude all over the whole system rather than only around a specific region localized around some atom(s) or bond(s).
```

However, one can choose a proper unitary rotation :math:`U`

.. math::

    \phi = \psi U

such that the resulting

> orbitals :math:`\phi` are as local as possible. This is typically achieved by two kinds of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
orbitals :math:`\phi` are as spatially localized as possible. This is typically achieved by one of two classes of
```

> methods: One is by projection onto a pre-defined local orbital set
> (e.g., AO, pseudopotential orbitals); The other is by numerical optimization on
> a cost function :math:`f`, which can be chosen as different localization
> criterion, e.g., in Boys localization, the dipole (spread) of a molecule,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
methods. 
The first is to project the orbitals onto a predefined local set of orbitals, which can be e.g. real atomic orbitals or pseudo-atomic orbitals.
The second is to optimize a cost function :math:`f`, which measures the locality of the molecular orbitals.
Because there is no unambiguous choice for the localization criterion, several criteria have been suggested.
Foster-Boys localization minimizes the spread of the orbital
```

.. math::

>     f(U) = \langle\psi|r^2|\psi\rangle - \langle\psi|r|\psi\rangle^2

Reviewer: There should be a sum over orbitals here.

Author: added!

> 

Reviewer: The section should also discuss Edmiston-Ruedenberg, as well as the Pipek-Mezey methods (original method based on Mulliken charges; Löwdin charges; IAOs; as well as the generalized Pipek-Mezey method which is also implemented in the `PipekMezey` class).

Reviewer 2: Ok - just two more equations, I guess ...?

Reviewer: Yes!

Reviewer: You can refer to my recent paper that is cited in the source for discussion on the Pipek-Mezey methods.

Author: I added some eqs and refs.

Reviewer: Perfect.

localization using intrinsic atomic orbitals (IAOs) as population method.
See Ref. :cite:`Lehtola14PM` for a summary of choices of orbitals. 
PM localization has a good feature that enables the
distinguishment of :math:`\sigma` and :math:`\pi` orbitals.

Edmiston-Ruedenberg (ER) localization :cite:`Edmiston63` maximizes the summation of orbital coulomb integrals,

.. math::

    f(U) = \sum_{i} (ii|ii)

ER localization, however, is computationally more expensive than Boys or PM approaches.

The :mod:`lo` module implements various orbital localizations, including:

=========================== ============== ==================== ======== =====
Method                       optimization   cost function        PBC     ref
(meta-) L\"owdin                 No            -                 yes     :cite:`Lowdin50,Sun14qmmm`
Natural atomic orbitals          No            -                 gamma   :cite:`Reed85` 
Intrinsic atomic orbitals        No            -                 yes     :cite:`Knizia13IAO`
Boys                             yes         dipole              no      :cite:`Foster60`
Pipek-Mezey                      yes         local charges       gamma   :cite:`Pipek98`

> Intrinsic bond orbitals          yes         IAO charges         gamma   :cite:`Knizia13IAO`

Reviewer: IBOs don't need to be listed here since they're part of (generalized) Pipek-Mezey.

Reviewer: There should, however, be another table that lists the charge models implemented in the PipekMezey class; IBOs can be listed there. E.g. the `becke` model is missing, where the DFT grid is used to define the partitioning.

Or actually, PySCF has *two* implementations of IBOs: one in PipekMezey, and then another hand-written specialized version in ibo.py which uses Jacobi rotations. Both of these should be discussed.

Author: Thanks. Can you add a table of available PM charge orbital choices?
